# RangeBuddy

Personal Android class project. An app that calculates windage and elevation corrections for AR match shooting or military style rifle qualification with the M16A2, M16A4, M4 style rifles chambered in caliber 5.56x45mm and .223 Remingtion. These two calibers are for all intensive purposes the same though both come in a variety of weights that are not accounted for in my apps windage calculations. In other words, my app outputs a widage suggestion based only on the wind speed, direction, and distance fired from for all varieties of this caliber in general. It also allows the user to plot and remove target impacts on a virtual target of various styles and save each engagement for future referance. This app was built with a tablet in mind and using an Amazon Kindle Fire HD 8 Android device to develop, test and debug. I am not sure how it will scale on any other device other than the Andriod Studio emulator that was set up as an 8 inch tablet. 

The app is mostly functional, but incomplete. I am still working on appending the text "LEFT" or "RIGHT" to the windage adjustment suggestion. Currently the user must know to adjust in the opposite direction of the wind. The CLEAR button does not yet work, but will clear the users current input for a fresh start. Lastly, while you can currently save engagements in the database they cannot currently be viewed. I would like to take it to the range, test it while shooting and make a video of this, but haven't had an opportunity to do so yet. Hopefully, I can accomplish all of this in the near future. 

Again, the most important aspects of the app are functional it just needs a few things finished. I'm still working on it, but it is demonstratable. Once I complete the tasks stated above I would consider this app complete. I do however, have additional ideas for it.
